# Minutes for 2018-02-14 meeting

## Attendees

- Raniere Silva
- François Michonneau
- Christina Koch
- Rémi Emonet
- Tracy Teal
- Erin Becker
- Naupaka Zimmerman
- Geoff LaFlair


## Progress on the merge

*Leader: Tracy*

Now that Software and Data Carpentry have merged, this subcommittee will oversee infrastructure for this newly combined organization. It is also an opportunity to evaluate current infrastructure, and make changes, especially now that there is Curriculum Development Lead on staff.

## Windows Installer

*Leader: Raniere*

Now that `nano` can be installed directly from the Git for Windows, we don't need a separate installer.

Action items:
- Raniere: write new installation instructions
- François: update workshop template (and installation instructions) to use Git for Windows
- meta-action: observe what the process is like, and how many places need to
  edited for a change like this.
  
## Proposal to change workshop installation instructions

*Leader: Raniere*

* Description: https://github.com/swcarpentry/workshop-template/pull/459
* Discussion about pros and cons of approach. In general in favor of the idea,
  but potential drawbacks with using JS as the way of implementing this. 
* Discussion led to creation of a task force to evaluate the scope of the
  project, set timeline, and come back to committee to get feedback.
  
## Lesson Release for 2018-01

*Leaders: Raniere & Rémi*

* Process for release is documented at https://github.com/swcarpentry/swc-releases/
* After discussion that SWC and DC have followed different models until now,
  Christina and Erin will coordinate for planning upcoming releases. Rémi can
  help with the technical aspects of the release.

## Maintainer survey template

*Leader: François*

Created a survey https://goo.gl/forms/E0YDQlqRBRrksSWu2 for the maintainers to get feedback of current feelings and use of lesson template. It will be sent out to maintainers soon. Asking for feedback at this point.

## Develop process for evaluating and implementing infrastructure changes

*Leader: François*

Created a draft of a document to document process of suggesting, evaluating and implementing changes to our lesson infrastructure. Work still in progress, but feedback welcome.

## Issue Tags

*Leader: Tracy*

Maintainers and some contributors have mentioned that having clear issue tags would make the contributing/maintaining experience more positive. Erin, Tracy, and François are putting together a proposal (using the process mentioned above) to develop a system of tags that would be consistent across lessons. Target date: before the March bug BBQ.
